[UNR-5447] Replace Handover with ServerOnly replication condition (#3136)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

## [`x.y.z`] - Unreleased

### Breaking changes:

> - The `Handover` variable specifier has been deprecated. It should be replaced with the standard `Replicated` variable specifier and restricting the replication with the new `COND_ServerOnly` replication condition in `GetLifetimeReplicatedProps`. `Handover` variables will try to replicate using the new replication condition, but support will be removed in the next release.

Reviewer: The LBStrategy still has RequiresHandoverData, not used anymore but might be useful in future so I agree with not removing. Perhaps rename to RequiresServerToServerData / RequiresServerData though ? If so would need a breaking change here also.

> - The `Handover` variable specifier has been deprecated. It should be replaced with just the normal `Replicated` variable specifier and restricting the replication with the new `COND_ServerOnly` replication condition in `GetLifetimeReplicatedProps`. `Handover` variables will try to replicate using the new replication condition, but we recommend converting variables manually as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Handover` variable specifier has been deprecated. It should be replaced with the standard `Replicated` variable specifier and restricting the replication with the new `COND_ServerOnly` replication condition in `GetLifetimeReplicatedProps`. `Handover` variables will try to replicate using the new replication condition, but support will be removed in the next release.
```
